# warriorframework
http://warriorframework.org
Warrior is a generic automation framework that automates software tasks and processes, in addition to functional, performance and solutions testing. It is designed and implemented by Fujitsu Network Communications.
Warrior is a keyword driven framework that uses xml based data that is generated by a web interface. The Warrior Framework was designed to allow users to effectively create reusable generic keywords and leave the execution intelligence out to be handled by Warrior. The execution of the keyword will be handled by the framework and designed in the cases, suites and project files. Warrior Cases, Suites and Projects are created in xml. These files may be edited in any xml editor or using Katana. Katana is a web based interface that simplifies editing and creation of xml cases, suites and projects. Katana provides keyword searching, keyword documentation review and keyword, case and project execution instructions.
With Warrior Framework, testers can execute keywords and cases sequentially or in parallel with a simple selection. In addition, users can implement conditions and loops for keyword execution, design keyword, case, and suite error handling by making selections in the xml file, eliminating the need for duplicate and tedious python scripts.
Warrior Framework was designed for automation of end to end solutions. Its architecture allows for testing multiple devices under test within a single case, suite or project file. For example, from a single case, Warrior Framework can execute keywords on a windows based system, a Network Element, a web-based application and a Linux based VM. Warrior Framework also allows the integration of test sets such as Wireshark, Spirent and others within the case. In addition, Warrior Framework can also integrate cases created in other frameworks and execute them in conjunction with Warrior Cases. Warrior Framework’s ability to integrate multiple systems, test sets, and frameworks within a single execution simplify the design and execution of end to end testing.
